Update announcements-10-14-0.md (#33)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-14-0/announcements-10-14-0.md

### REST API changes

#### Planned

> ##### Breaking change in the Application API - blocking ability to change application key and contextPath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Breaking change in the Application API - blocking the ability to change application key and contextPath
```
i think adding the article makes it a bit clearer. however, it's still not apparent from the heading who is blocking the ability. maybe we could add "we are ..." after the dash?

> ##### Breaking change in the Application API - blocking the ability to change application key and contextPath

Author: ```suggestion
##### Breaking change in the Application API - the ability to change the application key and contextPath will be blocked
```
